Emphasize permitted version format in packages for publication (#1)
OlenaYefymenko/setuptools_scm: README.rst

For Git projects, the version relies on `git describe <https://git-scm.com/docs/git-describe>`_,
so you will see an additional ``g`` prepended to the ``{revision hash}``.

.. note::

    According to `PEP 440 <https://peps.python.org/pep-0440/#local-version-identifiers>`_,
    if a version includes a local component, the package cannot be published to public

>     package indexes like PyPI or TestPyPI. Usually,non-permitted version formats may
>     occur due to auto-publishing or by mistake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    package indexes like PyPI or TestPyPI. The disallowed version segments may
    be seen in auto-publishing workflows or when a configuration mistake is made.
```

>     However, if you need to use local version identifiers in your packages, you

Reviewer: I think that we shouldn't suggest people to use devpi just for the local version. This motivation is probably wrong. Instead, mention that some indexes, like devpi, allow those.

>     can use a local server such as ``devpi`` or other alternatives that allow local

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    can use a self-hosted package index such as ``devpi`` or other alternatives that allow local
```

>     versions. Local version identifiers must comply with PEP 440.

Reviewer: I believe, it's possible to reuse the link from above like this:
```suggestion
    versions. Local version identifiers must comply with `PEP 440`_.
```
